what's going on guys biblical Reaper
here so today we're gonna give a kem
strike on the map octane I'm gonna go
over a little bit about how I do it you
know I see a lot of people posted kem
strike gameplays but they're not really
telling you giving you the tips and
tricks you want to know how to get them
but anyway so for real you basically hop
around you get your specialist as fast
as possible once you get the specialist
you're gonna want to play it slow now
there's the motel which I'm in right now
and then there's the club to the right I
just straight these buildings go back
and forth looking for somebody to pick
off you know you don't want to stay too
long in one of these positions because
they will come and get you and God knows
probably one of them's camping with
Riley in the corner but so i think i'm
on maybe you know 18 19 right now so I'm
gonna do a little tactical
immobilization as thunderstruck would
call it and just go from side to side
and just wait and see where they're
spawning now at this point you know my
teammates are all over the map so i
don't know whether spawning so the best
thing I can do in this instance is or
you live play it slow go from corner to
corner and look for the guys see I
walked in this building and I checked
the corner now obviously I have amplify
and I heard that guy behind me turn
around easy kill there now after that
easy kill I hear somebody else around
here so I'm gonna keep playing it in
this corner waiting to find out where
exactly that sounds coming from I'm not
gonna hop out and get you know slain at
my you know 15 20 kill streak or
whatever I am right now I think it's 20
but I'm gonna head it now I didn't check
the right side but there was a guy there
now if he would have been a little bit
closer he probably would have picked me
up that's why it's so important when
you're going for these kem strikes it
can be frustrating if you're not
watching these corners you get melted in
this game period end of story watch your
corners now i'm gonna paced back and
forth in this building like I was in the
motel that way I can get a couple more
easy kills now I I still at this point
there's no sack comes up I don't know
where their spawning so I'm just
going around in circles that's why I
picked this song it's k drew circles
good song check it out but got that guy
for the easy kill now I'm doing another
move right there I stopped chasing that
guy the worst thing you can do is when
you're going for kem strikes and you got
your specialist don't chase do not chase
you will die it's terrible I'm gonna
come back out here oh look at this there
they are there's the kem strike and get
another one for good measure call this
bad boy in I like to call it as soon as
i get them for some reason you know yeah
if I don't it seems like people
dashboard and then I don't even get to
call it out anyway because the host but
the migration doesn't happen and you
lose your gun strike it's aggravating
but you know honestly it kem strikes in
this game is a little bit campy a little
bit rushing do both and you'll shall
succeed watch shows corners and let me
know what you guys think if you want to
see some more chem strikes or if you
know there's I got a video on my channel
with helping you get a kem strike I'm
gonna pull some players in and help you
guys out get them if you can't make sure
you check that out but that's it for
this week I'm out vivica Reaper style